Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
MARSHAL McKOSKY: So. that's it.
huh?
You just gonna leave us.
Orders are
orders.
Your orders were to
protect that bank.
Stop Yule Bronson
and his men
and protect this town.
Orders got changed.
Once night falls...
you know they're gonna
descend on us
like the plague.
Come with us
then. Marshal.
Got a nice. cushy seat
with your name on it.
Nothin' cowardly about living.
Isn't that right. Judge?
You can lead a horse to water
bunch of fools.
Saddle up. boys!
Inexcusable.
Saddle up.
Almost there.
Ah!
It's starting!
That is enough!
Marshal...
Oh Marshal McKosky...
Hey. McKosky.
Over here!
MARSHAL McKOSKY: Bunch of
cowards.
Show yourselves!
Well. that's awfully brave
of ya. Marshal.
especially for a man
without an army.
I hope you burn in everlasting
fire. Yule Bronson.
Oh...
that's harsh. Marshal.
And here I am wanting you
just to stop breathin'.
Come on boys.
Let's go get that gold.
Not one more step.
Yule Bronson.
Judge.
Since when did you turn in
the gavel for the trigger?
Gavels or triggers...
justice is justice.
How men do you want to spend
to keep me
out of that vault?
As many as it takes.
That's quite a high price.
Nobody said anything
about cheap.
What about you. Judge?
What's your life worth to ya?
All that gold?
I think you're one barrel
too few.
Oh. it'll be you.
Trial later or trigger today.
Well. that gold right there...
that's my purpose.
Killin' you...
and you...
that's my plan.
And we're prepared to die
for what's right.
All right. relax.
They won't shoot me
in the back.
That's why they'll lose.
Ma'am.
Don't smell right.
It's the lack
of trees.
Yeah.
Buge...
we got company.
I see 'em.
Sheriff John Breaker?
It's "marshal" now.
Well. you're a long way
from Missouri.
Yep.
A long way. just to deliver
a murderin' fiend
like that one you got there.
You the town marshal?
The marshal sent me.
Told me to take this
burdensome prisoner
off your back.
So you can head on back home.
I expected the marshal.
You were expecting the marshal.
Well. it gets busy out here
for the tin stars.
With the Comanche.
the Apache.
the banditos to boot.
I expected the marshal.
And I expected to witness
a legend.
But you'll get used to
disappointments out here.
Thought I'd be taller.did ya?
Nah.
Younger.
Well you see.
that's the problem
with always bein'
the last man standing.
you get old.
Hyah!
You're plugged.
They nicked me.
Welcome to the West. marshal.
These men are dead
because of you. Why?
These men are dead because
they came after me.
Glad you're on my side.
John.
How many more like this?
How much further we
gotta go?
John.
You waitin' here
for the marshal?
Can't afford to wait.
Not if we want to get home.
Here we go.
Sir?
What?
I'm looking for
Marshal McKosky.
Well. he's indisposed.
What do you want?
He put out a warrant
for Henry Bronson.
Aka Deadeye.
And uh...
I have his man right here.
You brought in Henry Bronson?
Yes. sir.
And who are you?
Marshal John Breaker.
Breaker?
The John Breaker?
If I get that battle right.
I think I was...
just over that ridge.
Yeah.
Yes. you were.
I remember.
Sergeant Major John Breaker...
stands alone against
the grey tide.
Well...
hardly alone.
Buge!
This is Deputy Marshal
Bugle Bearclaw.
He was on the ridge beside me
the whole time.
Henry Deadeye Bronson.
You're even uglier
than your poster.
Lock him up
for me.
I'll take him from here.
Marshal.
You've come too many miles
to worry about the last inch.
Sir?
When's the next train?
Oh. about an hour.
See the quartermaster.
And you can get your deputy
patched up by the doc too
while you're at it.
To the famous John Breaker.
I guess it's not too healthy
in your line of work...
bein' famous.
I don't think it's healthy
period.
Well. at least in the army.
the more famous you become.
the farther you get
from the front.
But you lawmen...
they keep pushin' you deeper and
deeper into the troubles.
Sir. what's gonna happen
with Deadeye?
Oh...
we have ways of dealin'
with the likes of him.
With all due respect
sir. he gets
a civilian trial.
not a military court martial.
Well. the county judge
is in the same mess
as the marshal is. down there
in Absolem's Hill.
And I don't expect to see
them any time soon.
And we are pullin' out.
headin' north up to the
badlands.
The trouble up there...
trumps trouble down here.
But don't worry.
Your man's gonna get
what's comin' to him.
Well. we had plenty of hangin'
trees in Missouri.
Trials are a luxury.
It's not a luxury.
It's the law.
I have been fighting for this
Union my whole life...
I am not gonna compromise
the Constitution
over your bottom of the barrel
prisoner.
Thank you. sir.
And uh...
You travel safe now.
Marshal.
Yeah.
Is this the moment where I'm
supposed to ask you
if you're okay?
No wonder you were
never married. Buge.
Who says I was never married?
What?
You never asked.
Ah!
Well... old flames
are hardly our topic
of choice now are they?
What are you talkin' about?
I've heard more stories about
you courtin' Bonnie
than there are legs on a
centipede.
Oh. you can hardly call Bonnie
an old flame.
She's my wife.
You know. you could've offered
up a few stories
yourself along the way;
it's called conversation.
You should've asked!
Well. you never asked
about me and Bonnie. did ya?
Oh. so what does that tell ya?
Ow!
You're loadin' bullets.
But you're countin' bodies.
It's hard to swallow
killin' a man.
Especially when it's for the
likes of someone like Deadeye.
That's always been
the job. John.
Our job.
Our whole lives have been
pockmarked with
shallow graves. Buge.
And for what?
It's never been easy.
No.
But hard's easy when
you know what's right.
What's not right?
We delivered the warrant.
That was our job.
Did we?
You don't trust
the Colonel. That's it.
I think we should head
down to Absolem's Hill
ourselves and deliver Deadeye
that last inch.
Absolem's Hill?
More like Hell's Hill.
Doc!
Almost done.
You said you went down
to Absolem's Hill?
I pulled more lead out of more
men comin' from that town
than I had in all of Vicksburg.
How do you think I got this?
What's the ruckus?
Can't fight what you can't see.
Night fighters.
Shadow shooters.
Murderin' reavers.
And you boys
are just
gonna leave 'em like that?
Well you got...
raids on the innocent settlers
in the Badlands...
or a town with the most stubborn
old judge
you're ever gonna meet.
Stubborn?
He makes a mule seem like
a mercy.
You know. they say he's the last
man standing down there.
Yeah. he and his daughter.
It can't be him.
What's his name?
I don't know.
He's got a scar.
It's him.
Who?
How would you know?
I gave him that scar.
John.
John!
Get the horses!
We don't have any!
Find three!
Three?
Ready your rifles.
Wait!
Aim.
I said. Wait!
We can't take him with us and we
can't leave him here.
Fine. I'll take him
with me.
What are you talkin' about?
I'm heading to Absolem's Hill;
I'll take Deadeye with me.
That's impossible.
It's idiotic. It's suicide!
My job is to deliver that
prisoner to Marshal McKosky.
McKosky has got
way bigger problems
than your bottom feeder.
I know the judge.
I can talk to him.
Maybe I'll get him
out of there.
Ha!
Good luck with that.
Ready your rifles.
You order that fire.
and I'll have you
court martialed so fast
it'll make your head spin.
Deadeye is my jurisdiction.
Court martial?
You don't have the clout.
Oh. you forgot.
I'm famous.
At ease.
You got to be kidding me.
John!
It's the only way.
The only wayto what?
To do what's right.
There goes home.
Eh. so what's
the plan. Marshal?
Over which new horizon
lies justice for me?
Absolem's Hill.
I'd rather be buried
back there with them.
Well. that can be arranged.
Now. there are a few rules
I travel by.
I- I know the rules.
I talk. you gag.
I run. you shoot.
I snore. you shoot.
Nope.
That's Bugle's rule.
You snore. I shoot but I might
shoot you anyway.
Let's get going if
we're gonna go.
Come on.
Hyah.
Buge. you think it's time
for a little music?
♪ In the cavern.
in the canyon ♪
♪ Excavatin' for a mine ♪
♪ Dwelt a miner.
forty-niner ♪
Can you just shoot
me now?
Death would be the easy
way out.
All together.
♪ Oh my darlin'.
oh my darlin' ♪
Aww...
Judge.
Hmm.
-Been a while.
-Hmm.
Sounds like Charlotte's still
with him.
What?
Hmm...
You two were awfully close
once upon a time.
When was the last time
you heard from him?
Probably not since
Charlotte's husband died.
Charlotte's husband died?
Hmm.
Ah. good night. Buge.
Ol' Deadeye's breakin' the
rules.
Shut up.
Are you seriously
tryin' to escape?
You-
you're gonna...
What?
Hand it over!
You just gotta know.
you can't escape.
I ain't goin' back
to that town.
Well. look at you.
You're hobbled from
head to toe.
Where are you gonna
go?
I'd rather die in the desert
than ride back into that hell
hole.
Give me the rest of that.
Come on.
What's that?
Give me that too.
You ain't getting that.
Give me the rifle. then.
All right.
Here. I'll trade you the
canteen.
You're all heart. kid.
Now. you come after me.
better pray you don't find me.
I spared your life.
You better give me one hour
head start.
Yeah.
How long you think
he'll last?
There go the horses.
Oh yeah.
What do now?
Chase after the man.
obviously.
It's been more than an
hour. John.
Just a second. Buge.
John...
Yep.
What are you doin'?
I've literally got
somethin' up my sleeve.
Ready?
Uh...
Huh?
Surprise!
Huh? Huh?
It was literally
up my sleeve.
Yeah.
That's the surprise?
Ah well...no. no.
I get it. yeah.
So. what's uh-
what's it gonna do?
Give him lead splinters?
Lead-
Bonnie gave it to me.
In case of emergency.
Ah no...
I suppose that qualifies.
Qualified?
I think it's great.
John?
Hey. your wife.
What was her name?
Which one?
Wh- wh- which one?
Kidding.
Oh. you stink.
Your face.
You think you
know a man.
It was a long
time ago. John.
Before I even knew
what a bugle was.
Her name...
in English...
Water Lily.
I'm not the man
I used to be. John.
I used to
be faster.
More alert.
Deadeye should never have
gotten the jump on me.
Look...
None of us are the men
that we used to be.
That can be a good
thing. too.
I don't know what's
going to happen when
we get into this town.
But once we
deliver Deadeye...
your job is done.
Okay?
As long as your
job's not done...
neither is mine.
Where is that dirtbag?
Get up!
At least they let you
keep the eye patch.
Still rather die
in the desert?
Yeah. just get
me outta here.
They rode me out here
and left me for dead.
Where'd they go?
That way.
How many?
Five. mounted.
There was seven.
But I filled two
of 'em with lead.
Well. what are
we waitin' for?
My decision.
- What decision?
-Whether I save you
again. or is this
justice enough?
Just cut me loose.
They may come back.
I buried two men
because of you.
I don't know what you
did before me...
but I know what I've done
on account of you.
I can't even find
the rightness in ya.
And now I'm having a hard
time finding it in me.
Yeah. well that's
'cause there ain't none.
Go on. do it Marshal.
What'd I say?
That's enough
outta you.
Get up.
let's get moving.
None of this was on the way
to Absolem's Hill.
Shh. shh...
What are we
even doing?
- Guess.
- We're going after 'em?
You took on seven and killed
two; they can't be that tough.
Yeah...
I had guns and a horse.
Well. now you have
the two of us.
Hey. hey!
Surprise!
Drop it.
U.S. Marshal.
Hey Buge...
It worked.
Hand over the rifle. son.
Mornin' fellas.
Whoa. whoa...
U.S. Marshal.
We're not here for you.
Just here for
our things.
Hmm.
You'll have to excuse us.
Marshal. we're--
little bit touchy.
Lost good men last night.
So I heard.
Is this the man
who ambushed you?
Well. when a man stumbles
across a rattlesnake
was he ambushed?
Nah...
But you kill it before
it kills you.
But you didn't kill him.
You left him out to roast.
Yule feels that death
is a mercy. for
a man like that.
Yule?
That mercy's
gotta be earned
real slow.
He said he killed
two of you.
Why do I see
three graves?
Oh. I thought maybe I'd throw
you in one of them.
Give 'em what's theirs.
Hyah.
Oh look c'mon. he just
came up on me.
just outta
nowhere.
No...
Please have
mercy Mr. Watson.
Oh...
but I am.
No!!!
Why do these men keep
trying to kill ya?
My brother.
Your brother?
You mean.
there's two of ya?
Good grief. that's all
the world needed.
Wait... you mean Yule's
your brother?
You've heard of
Jacob and Esau?
Ha. more like Cain
and Abel to me.
I reckon we better get
into town before nightfall
or trouble's gonna find us.
Let's go. hyah.
Hurry up. boys.
They can't be too far ahead.
I'll get the others;
meet at Absolem's Hill.
It's a ghost town.
Your brother. huh?
Why does he
want you dead?
Because I'm him.
and not him.
First. he's
a prisoner.
Now he's a poet.
Explanations later.
right now. we survive.
All right. I'll head up
the main street.
You two go around the back.
and I'll meet you at that bank.
Buge...
I'll see you
on the other side.
Hey. easy Bugle.
That's Deputy Marshal.
to you.
Who are you?
State your business.
U.S. Marshal.
John Breaker.
Your son.
John?
Hello. father.
John. it's you!
Oh. hello sis!
John. I never
would've hoped-
Well. it's good
to see you. Char.
Charlotte!
John. get inside.
There they are hyah!
Get ready. boys!
Bugle's out at the back.
- Help me!
- Yeah.
- John...
-Bugle's out back. dad.
with a prisoner.
- Prisoner?
- C'mon.
What's going on?
Chuck.
go to the door.
I'll cover you.
I'm going upstairs.
The old man. shoot him!
They're already there.
They gotta be close.
Bugle!
Char!
Cover me!
Bugle!
C'mon. John!
Go. go. go!
Get in there!
Come!
Almost there.
It's Yule!
No!!!
No. don't-
Let's regroup
at the livery!
- What happened?
- Yule!
It's his brother;
it's not who you think it is.
Thisis your
prisoner?
Chuck. up front.
Hmph. watch out
front. old friend.
Hmm?
Not to say I'm ungrateful son.
but please consider my surprise
when I ask...
what are you doing here?
And with him?
Serving a warrant.
So you bring him here?
To a Marshal McKosky.
Henry...
Henry Bronson?
It's uncanny.
Well. you really...
put a snake in our barrel. John.
We now have
the twin of the
meanest. evilest
most vile man-
No. monster.
that I've ever met.
Twin?
Oh. we're just
learning on the go.
By the way. good to
see you again. Buge.
It's good to see
you. Judge.
Buge. you remember Char.
of course.
- Hello. Charlotte.
- Hey. Buge.
Never in a million
bets would I have bet on
the idea that you'd ride up
into all of this.
Likewise. dad.
Likewise.
Food's ready.
come and get it.
-Eat.
- Oh. I could bite
the head off a turkey
vulture. I'm so hungry.
So that's what
everyone's dying over?
My brother didn't give
a penny about the gold.
At this point
he just wants to make
that judge pay.
Pay.
pay for what?
For standin' in his
way. of course.
Huh.
Yeah. my dad dealt with...
every type of outlaw.
But he always talked about
their misfortunes and their...
humanity despite their sins.
but your brother...
He calls him. a monster.
A monster. huh?
He'd take that
as a compliment.
Wanted to kill
this town.
Then. the county.
Burn down the whole state.
He wanted people to fear
his name across the nation.
He wanted your grandkid's
grandkids to remember
his name.
Monster...
Yeah.
Why are you
two at odds?
I'm just small time.
my ambition extends from
my hand to my mouth. my pocket
to my glass of whiskey.
What would I want
with a dead town?
As soon as I was out of his
sight he started
murdering people in myname.
Blamin' it on me.
I couldn't go 100 miles
without seeing 100 wanted
posters. "Wanted Dead or Alive."
So the warrant
that I served
should've been for your
brother. not you.
The whole thing
fell apart when ah-
some drunk in St. Louis
forked me in the eye. but-
Why didn't he just shoot you
when you were in the desert?
Hey. well...
for Yule...
dead is dead.
It's mercy.
The torment is over.
If you can string someone
along to the brink...
Yeah...
Now. that's the game;
at least the one he plays.
If you
claim to be the man
that you are. innocent.
Well. I didn't say
I was innocent.
I said I'm
not my brother.
So then.
why don't you just
level with the law?
Level with the law.
Tell me you did it
to yourself
and I'll be impressed.
Yeah. I done wrong.
Hmph.
But the greatest crime
I committed
was just lookin'
like my brother.
Follow me.
Look for any weakness. boys.
Keep me safe.
Marshal.
The vault is
the safest place.
Nowhere's safe.
I think the best plan
of escape is to leave at
the dark hour just before dawn.
Hmm.
That's smart. son. less
trouble to be had then.
Do you have any horses?
No. not anymore.
Ours ran away.
Bugle hid theirs.
that leaves us two.
Why don't you and
Charlotte take them?
As soon as we clear this
place out you can get some help.
- John...
- What do we do with him?
What about him?
Well. you knew who he was.
Him and his brother
came over the border
half a year back.
What I gather. they came over
together but quickly grew apart.
His brother wants
him dead.
Hmm. they're the opposite
sides of the same evil.
They attract bad
but repel each other.
I suppose family's tricky
enough without being a
pack of murderers.
He's a burden.
No. he's an asset.
Or could be against
his brother.
That's up to Marshal
Mckosky to decide.
Where is he?
He's dead.
You know. John.
I gotta stay.
- Father.
-No. you leave your
prisoner with me.
You did right
to bring him here.
We all go together.
that's final.
I'm sorry. no.
- Father!
- Father...
Father. father.
Son. how many times do I gotta
tell ya to call me pa or pops?
If you're feeling especially
tender...
daddy.
No... just call me Judge.
Anything but "father."
I'm not as Old Testament
as all that.
What is this fight
all about. for what?
The vault?
Is it worth dying over?
For you. your daughter.
my sister?
Yule wants
the vault!
We. your sister and I.
are fighting
for this town.
What it stands for.
What losing it would mean.
It's a bunch
of buildings.
John...
War is a real
estate business.
You of all people. know that.
Dad...
How many times have
you risked your life for a hill?
Won it?
Then marched away
the next day. huh?
The hill isn't
the point.
The point is showing
the enemy
that they can't
always win.
This bank is my hill.
Oh. this is about
principle.
No!
It's about what's right.
No. it's
a lost cause.
Son...
that gold in there is
meant for farming.
for churches. for families.
for life!
There's a monster out there
that has
killed or driven off every
God-created creature
in this man-forsaken town.
I mean. the army is gone.
the marshal is dead.
And I will not
amputate this place
from the land of the living.
I will not leave it
to a pack of murderers.
Well you. and
Charlotte and...
Chuck.
Chuck Leftfoot.
On account of my limp
on my left foot.
And Mr. Leftfoot...
You can't stop what's coming;
you know that.
You're barely
in their way.
Barely's better
than nothing.
I'm sorry to hear
about your husband.
It's been a while
back now.
Years ago.
It's hard to lose
someone you love.
It's losing a part
of yourself.
I will not leave if we all
go together. that's final.
How stubborn
can you be?
Look in the mirror. dad.
Brother. rock
and father. hard place.
They held out longer
than I expected.
I thought you of all
people would understand
what I am trying to do here.
No. me of all people know
that the cost of a human
life buys you nothing.
Since when has my son
considered righteousness
a price too high?
Righteousness?
All I see is stubbornness
from a stubborn old Judge.
And where are all
the men in this town?
I bet the banker will be
really glad to hear that you
were willing to die
in his stead.
I'm the banker.
And if you think we don't
know the price of a human life
we know it all too well.
Everything that's left of
my customers
is out that window.
Six feet under
in a pine box.
I. Uh...
I bought this off
a woman making
wood carvings at
the train station.
It's a gift...
for my grandchild.
I'm...
I'm a great grandfather?
So. here's my question:
Would you rather
her know the man or
know the legend?
It-- It's a her?
I mean a-- a little girl?
Well that's what Bonnie
thinks. so we'll find out
when I get back.
Oh.
I would want my great
granddaughter to know...
that the price for doing what's
right is never too high.
Yee-Hoo!
They're comin' back.
Marshal John Breaker.
Where you goin'?
To count the cost.
Bugle. when I say
run. run.
Yule Bronson!
I want to talk!
John.
you should know-
I know. you're in love
with Charlotte again.
How did you know?
Heck of a time for
this conversation Buge-
I just didn't want you
complaining later about
not getting a confer.
Consider it conferred.
It's just that I never
thought I'd see her again.
Well. you may not
unless you're focused.
Let's go.
It true what they
say about 'im?
'Bout to find out.
Just be ready.
I told the boss
you're a stubborn man.
Didn't I. fellas?
Like father. like son.
I suppose.
Don't think I didn't
see him up there.
Well. I was hoping to have
a little talk with your boss.
But I guess he's
too big of a
coward!
Sends his peons
to parley.
Parley?
He knows you're just a lot
of bark. bark. bark
from a corner dog.
- Did he just call us a dog?
- Yep.
You're not the first
law man to
make demands.
I won't have
any demands.
Just a question.
If I get the old man to walk
away. will you let us
pass peacefully?
And leave the gold?
You can keep the rocks.
Just no more death.
The thing is I'll be
willing to oblige.
The boys and I...
well. we get excited
about all that gold.
But Yule...
He gets excited about...
killing your daddy.
And your sister.
John Breaker...
And now all the boss
can talk about
is having the famous
John Breaker within his reach.
Any old outlaw could make
history off the death of you.
Well. you tell
Yule Bronson
that the marshal and
the deputy are here to stay.
And make sure he knows that
these cornered dogs
would do a lot more than bark.
It's time. Buge-
Time for what?
To run.
Shoot 'em. get 'em!
C'mon Buge-!
Get 'em!
Get in here.
Just shoot 'em!
See those other two?
Dad. he's about to
light the bank on fire...
around the corner!
Oh. no you don't.
Got him.
Just shoot 'em!
He just missed me;
I'm invincible.
They're running.
The rain falls on the just
and the unjust alike.
Dad.
Char!
No. no.
It's still in there.
The bullet is still in there.
Buge. help me move him.
Chuck. help me find a knife
and some bandages.
Who's gonna do it?
Uh...
Buge?
Char?
Ooh. didn't you pull a bullet
out of Buge way back when?
Yeah.
But I was mad at
him at the time.
What?
Well. don't look at me.
I can't even pull
a splinter without hacking
off half my thumb.
Stop drinking the blade cleaner.
Char. you gotta do this.
You're the only one
with experience.
I sew. I don't dig.
Nobody wants to do it.
But somebody's got
to do it all right.
I dug for gold
half my life.
Guess I can dig
for lead. too.
Ooh.
♪ ...fell into
the foaming brine ♪
♪ In the churchyard.
in the canyon ♪
♪ Where the myrtle
doth entwine ♪
♪ There grow rosies in
their posies ♪
♪ Oh my darlin' Clementine ♪
You sure have been good
to dad since mom died.
She was his anchor.
I guess that's what
I've become.
Can't say it
hasn't been good
for me too.
I just hate seeing you
caught up in all his mess.
John. his mess
is my mess.
The people of this town
have supported me
for a very
long time.
They're my family
now. too.
And I will fight
for them.
I'm a Breaker
after all.
Oh. I did...
miss my sister.
See anything?
All those graves.
Those are
the bank's graves.
Miners mostly.
who came to us.
Miners?
If you're a miner
this bank is the first
sign of safety.
It's the only hope
for miles.
Haven't had much through
here though in a while.
Not until you and John.
How did you and John meet?
He had a warrant
for my arrest.
For what?
I stole
from a farm.
What?
What happened?
He arrested me.
Those Breaker boys are
one of a kind.
Our families had gone west.
But... Water Lilly and
me. we loved the east.
So. after she...
got sick...
and after she...
I was lost.
I was real lost.
But John. you know...
He saw through me.
He saw that I wasn't bad.
I was desperate.
So instead of jail
he took me to that
farmer I stole from.
I worked for that man until
I paid for what I took.
So...
here I am eating beans
with John's sister
on a beautiful day.
In the middle
of a siege.
in the middle of a desert.
With little hope
of escape.
It's a helpless feeling
to not be able to save
the ones you love.
Mark. my Mark...
You never met him. did you?
No.
You're very different
men but I...
I believe you
would've loved him.
Every once and a while when
a man fell sick Mark would
lend a hand down at the mine.
And out here in a new town
everybody depends on everybody.
And one day...
the mine came down
on itself.
And it just so happened it
was the mine where Mark
was lending a hand.
I waited until they
cleared all the rocks
away to be sure. but...
As soon as it happened.
I knew.
It's a helpless feeling
not to be able to...
save the ones you love.
Makes it hard
to love again.
Hard but not
impossible.
All right. we hit him
hard.
Harder than expected.
They've been slow to
get up. so we know
they're gonna get us tonight.
At this rate of fire
we've got one fight.
maybe two before we're
out of bullets.
We've got another day tops
till we're out of food.
Two for water.
What about
the judge?
No fever. no problem.
I think we've got the
bleeding under control.
All right. let's give
him a gun.
John. dad needs to rest.
We can't depend on
him right now.
I'm not talking
about dad.
No way.
-His fight is our fight.
- You can't be serious.
He'll shoot
us in the back the first
chance he gets.
We die. he dies.
That was proven to him
in the desert.
He's got nothing to gain.
He's a dead man walking.
whether we win or lose.
It's a mistake to think that-
Shh!
♪ Oh my darlin' Clementine ♪
It's Old Bill Shoemaker.
♪ Clementine ♪
♪ Oh my darlin'.
Oh my darlin' ♪
He'll never make it.
They're already here.
Look what
we got here. boys!
All right...
you go upstairs. stay down.
and don't fire
unless they head this way.
Buge- you and I will go out
back.
Chuck...
you stay here.
And if they come
through that door
you blast them to kingdom come.
Hand over
the gold. old man.
Leave me alone!
I worked hard for this gold.
You hear that. fellas?
This old boy worked hard.
All right. enough.
Mercy...
Wait!
No-
I heard a shot.
Tell me he made it.
Murdering. theivin'
sons of nightriders.
He never had a chance.
What's all
the shooting about?
Anybody hurt?
Dad.
Dad. dad!
Whoa...
Dad. you're burnin' up.
Another miner. judge.
Another grave for nothing.
Another man scratchin'
his life away...
just to be shot in the back.
Dad!
He's bleeding again.
He needs to see
a doctor fast.
Where's Bugle?
Hey. Marshal?
Got something of yours.
Where's Bugle?!
Is that his name?
Is he alive?
Yule Bronson don't strike deals.
He's alive for now.
He's alive. dad.
He's bait.
He's my brother.
Parlay at midnight.
Be alone.
You've got quite a family.
Well. you haven't met
the half of them.
Where's Bugle?
With the boss.
Where's the boss?
Watchin'...
Where is he?
I haven't had the pleasure.
I would love the chance...
Chance to what?
Just return the gold and
we'll release your friend.
If you hurt him...
You got till sunrise or we'll
drop that deputy's body
right here in the street.
Try to get him
before the buzzards.
They can be nasty.
That's it... we're
trading the gold for Bugle.
John. we can't.
If we don't they'll
kill him. dad.
-Son...
-No. no. no.
This is not negotiable.
It's a human life
for a bunch of rocks.
Show him
the vault.
-Char. I don't-
-Shh!
Let's talk outside.
All this violence
for an empty vault.
We never...
said there was gold
in the vault.
All the men that I've killed
to bring Deadeye here!
for an empty vault!
And now my dad's shot and
my best friend's about to die!
We all chose this
dance. John...
so don't be surprised
the band's not free.
If you weren't prepared to die
you shouldn't have stayed.
Your fights are my
fights. dad.
Then this is the
fight.
This is the fight.
Remember when you
gave me that scar?
The scar?
Yes.
That rustler--
What was his name?
The man was gonna kill him
and he can't remember his name.
Oh. you
remember the names
of all the men that
tried to kill you?
Jackson Flint. he had
a knife to your throat.
You were twelve.
You had an old
coyote killer that I gave ya.
And I'm glad I did
because you saved my life.
And I...
gave you that scar.
Well. I'll...
I'll take this one over the one
Jackson Flint intended to give.
What's your point dad?
Doing what's right
comes with a cost. every time.
You know. breaking the law.
giving up. that's easy.
But shooting a man to save
your dad. knowing you're
gonna hit your dad...
that's hard.
But it was right.
Okay.
What do we do next?
I don't know.
That's not the answer
I was looking for. dad.
I know what
you are gonna do.
You're gonna wrap that
in a box and you are gonna
deliver it yourself.
I'm--
In a box.
Deliver it in a...
Do me a favor.
Hold that for me. would ya?
What?
I got a plan.
What's happening. John?
It's a risk.
But it's all we got.
You and you
are getting
in the chests.
What?
Listen. we lug you up
there. they're gonna
think you're gold.
They're gonna bring up Bugle
and when they open the chests
you come out guns a'blazin.
We'll draw with ya.
That's the plan?
Char. fighting them like this
is the only chance we have
to getting Bugle back
and dad to a doctor.
All right.
I'll do it.
Well that sobers my manner.
Well...
ain't like I ain't used
to dark. cramped places.
Let's go.
You're out of time. Marshal.
What-- what's happening?
I need your help.
If you ever wanted a chance
at redemption...
this is it.
What's the plan?
Help me move these.
What you've given up.
you're giving them the gold?
Something like that.
I told ya.
Yule don't care
about the gold.
Yeah. but I bet
his men do.
C'mon.
Last chance. Marshal.
Unload 'em.
I said...
unload them.
Where's Bugle?
They brought the gold?
Satisfied?
Yule couldn't make it?
Deadeye...
what are you doing?
Deadeye never made
it out of the desert.
Just you
wait. brother.
You've gone and stepped
in it now. you--
You don't even know!
John Breaker's like a train.
Once he's on your track
he doesn't stop till
he gets where he's going.
And he's coming for you.
You don't even know it.
Yeah. that bank. that judge.
Once he gets his teeth
sunk into you...
He's comin' for y'all.
All of y'all-
Wait.
Give me that eye patch.
Your mercy
precedes you. Marshal.
Which means you're gullible.
Trusting. which
means you're weak.
I knew you were gonna
lead me to this bank.
Just had to...
bide my time waiting for
just the right moment.
Like this.
Drop the weapon.Marshal.
I said...drop it.
Say the word.
Good choice.
How about where are
them other two?
They're with
my father.
Oh yeah?
Still alive?
Stubborn.
Stubborn Breakers.
It don't seem quite right.
You take the deputy and
them crates on inside.
If it's not gold...
kill them.
That wasn't part
of the deal.
Since when are you in a
position to make a deal?
We open the chests
here.
We exchange the gold here.
Gold for Bugle.
That was the deal.
All right.
Get movin'.
Don't do anything stupid.
You ever seen the Pacific?
No.
I have.
My brother and I worked
on a fishing vessel
before uh...
before the war.
You fish?
I hunt.
So at the end
of each day we'd...
clean our catch. you know?
The guts and the blood.
we would just throw it
in the water and
that's when the...
you oughtta see
it someday Marshal.
That's when
the sharks appear.
Come out of the depths
of nowhere and just
swarm and rip the
water to shreds.
Killin' a whole town...
that's reward enough.
Killin' you...
killin' your father.
your deputy...
your sister...
that's a bonus.
You were right about
my men though.
My men don't find...
gold in those chests...
they will rip you and yours
apart stem to stern.
And I'm gonna start
with your sister.
Kill him!
Yule.
It has to be here.
Where is the gold?
Where's my gold?
Don't do it. kid.
Finally.
You know the difference
between men like my father
and monsters like you?
They die as cowards...
every time.
Man or monster...
Dad is dead.
They say it's mercy.
Oh?
Oh. was that
the gun I gave you?
Yule Bronson. you're under
arrest for the murder
of your own brother.
And the murder of
Marshal McKosky and
his deputy.
And for all the men
and woman you murdered
and all the graves I had
to dig on your account.
And I assure
you. you will
hang by the neck
until you are dead.
Dad.
Dad!
Dad...
Bugle. Chuck.
Lock him in the vault.
John. he's dying.
I'll get a doctor.
John. he can't ride.
Then I'll bring a doctor back.
I told ya.
I wasn't leaving this town.
I know you're stubborn.
Now show me how stubborn
you really are.
♪ Then the miner.
forty niner ♪
♪ soon began to peak and pine ♪
♪ thought he ought'er
join his daughter ♪
♪ Now he's with his Clementine ♪
♪ Oh my darlin'
oh my darlin' ♪
♪ Oh my darlin' Clementine ♪
♪ You are lost
and gone forever ♪
♪ Dreadful sorry
Clementine ♪
♪ You are lost
and gone forever ♪
♪ Dreadful sorry
Clementine ♪
Doc!
The judge. he's hurt real bad.
I'll be
right behind you.
Let me fetch my bag.
Char!
Hyah. hyah. hyah!
Char. Char!
Doc. he's inside.
let's go.
How is he?
Char. how is he?
Miners will
be coming back now.
Coming back for what's theirs!
A coffin full
of gold.
A graveyard
instead of a vault.
Every number on
a cross is an account
- a bank account.
And this is mine.
Every number
corresponds to a name
in a book inside.
Just like any bank.
Not like any bank
I ever heard of.
You kept me in the dark
the whole time. didn't ya?
Couldn't
have a softy like you
trading our hope
to save our lives.
You're as hard as
the old man.
You'll get there. son.
Just keep on being
the last man standing.
I thought
you miss the trees.
I do.
I thought you
hated the heat.
I'll warm up to it.
Mmhmm.
Well. I guess the good
thing is I traded a--
traded a deputy
for a brother.
We've always been
brothers. John.
Yeah.
I suppose so.
We leavin' or what?
Give that great grandbaby
a big kiss for me. okay?
I'm gonna miss you.
little girl.
Take care of
my daughter.
Take care of this town.
I'll uh--
I'll see you
around. Sheriff.
You know. there are
few rules I travel by.
You run. I shoot.
Please. by all
means. run.
You talk...
we gag.
You've learned
that already.
And lastly. you snore-
I shoot.
Let's go. hyah!